HELION-9
THE HUMAN THEATRE
BY
LEON OGRIZ

     It was a hazard to the business that never paid; Luck had run out a long time ago. Maybe fifteen, maybe twenty. I would say the latter. Things were trying to be different now, what with the advancements made in production, being what they were. A.P.E.X had long disappeared, now called INFLUX technologies had taken over.
          Not withstanding, the situation on board Helion-9 was bleak at best. A short crew rotation coupled with myopic corporate viewpoints had made life unbearable, intolerable. Pay was a dud. A seemingly relentless unfolding of effort on the crews part  had produced no results. It felt as though they were wasting their time.
     The big gamble from a top down perspective was that, all this would lead to a front runner position. What were they working for? On the inside, none of them knew any more. The 'wise words' and documents bringing encouragement from above, were long shots. That's how it felt anyway.
     To all involved, it seemed as though after all their diligence, none would satisfy those in command. New rules; some said it was a new game. Some couldn't contest it.
     All this, was hearsay and work still had to be done.
    Carbon black, space mist slowly enveloped the presently cold, white mercurial Sun; as hazy grey lines flickered on the thermometer monitor.
     Mack took an oxygen capsule out from the inside of his side pouch and placed it carefully under his tongue. He was too hyped to be cynical about it. For aeon's he was coaxed into taking them. He just couldn't take the hassle; he thought, he may as well harness the technology, It couldn't do any harm by consumption.
     They had taken over the solar system some one hundred and forty years and thirty-one days.
     On board the ship, he was plainly called, Mack. On the planets surface, Juul.
    Different names for different occasions was a custom most shared, Mack was no different.
     High above the great expanse, drifting slowly, held in position by her own will. A will of strength. Concern for her children, lost long ago. She hovered peacefully. Holding to the summit of the dawn. Light that glimmered in the dark, still firmament. A woman figure with arms outstretched over the great expanse.  Highly she stood and gazed at the sun, white in its fading last breaths, of age, of position, unreliable and fragile in its existence. She waited.
     Mack turned to the ladybirdatron android that was positioned next to him.
     The ladybirdatron android, was built to last. Built like a tank, but small enough to enter their spacecraft. Metal dripped. A testament to the ingenuity of INFLUX science. 
     Mack sighed, and pressed the terminal gate responder.  
     The gate opened, and the woman flew right into the planets atmosphere, until she was gone.  


     In the cockpit of Helion-9, were two seats at the front, with one spare seat to the side just before the narrow entrance. The window, was divided by steel joinery. The control panel was in front, right by the window. The lights on the console flickered in motion under machine guidance, tinkling away as if on their own accord. The cockpit innards were jet black, and the electronic equipment, gun metal grey.
     Behind the cockpit, was a corridor which linked to all the other compartments of the ship. The engine was at its core.
     Mack was from the planet Thermo. A tropical planet in the Alpha sector. He had been in this quadrant of the solar system some two whole years, so was used to the sporadic climate.
 Never the less, now it was time to go A.W.O.L.
No plans, pre planning, just on instinct, hit the road and leave.
    Mack powered up the engines, and the space ship left its stationary position. They were off.
    The drudgery had become too much, the sameness, mind-numbing. Now they were on the move.
 They headed out into the night. It was some hours before the homing beacon started to sound. Mack ignored it. He didn't really have a choice, the decision was made, and that was that.  What was he to do? Stay there for another one hundred and thirty days? No, now it was time,
     They ventured further out, into deeper and deeper space. Where would it lead to? When would it end? 
    Mack signalled to the Ladybirdatron to press the energy ignition, and without question the android followed orders.
    Space was shifting past, faster and faster they went, until they were far from their original starting sector
    They passed the junk yard sign some 800 clicks into the journey. 
    Mack took another Oxygen capsule and put in his mouth, lowering his tongue on top it to secure it in position. Then they saw her.
The woman figure in the dark night of space. peacefully. Keeping her arms outstretched as she always did. Illuminated by the energy she radiated. Sheer bright white Light that shone. 
    They passed her, cautiously, seemingly stopping time as they exchanged glances. Then she was gone.
     Behind her, they finally arrived and came to a place in space filled with spacecraft. Old debris floating; left seemingly abandoned.
    It was then they received the message on the homing device.
     “to all personnel on board...You are now connected to INFLUX technologies. Please be advised to await next Oxygen production phase.
The ladybridatron heard the signal. It was at that point it learned something entirely new. It learnt it had teeth. It looked at Mack, and sprung from its chair and lunged at him.
-END-

HTTP://Heaavymetal5000.home.blog
LEON OGRIZ SCIENCE FICTION ON AMAZON FOR MORE BOOKS.
README:THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
LICENSE:Copyright © Leon Ogriz 2025
All rights reserved.  Apart from brief excerpts for media no part of this book may be reproduced or distributed mechanically, recordings or otherwise without the author’s permission.
This book is purely a work of fiction. Any reference to any persons, places, things is purely coincidental and does not affect copyright.
The right of Leon Ogriz to be wholly acknowledged as the author of the entire work.
Has been asserted by him totally in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents act 1988.
First published in Great Britain in 2025 by GLENKERR publications.
